Cause like what right now could be the number one fight for Khabib I believe is
Tony Ferguson.
I think that's a big fight.
Giant fight.
I'm real excited about that.
I liked that.
I heard,
I heard rumors.
Um,
and I was spoken to Dustin of that whole Tony and Khabib,
Dustin and Connor is fight each other.
I heard that too.
But here's the cynical part of me.
I know that Nate Diaz was supposed to be fighting Dustin,
but Dustin had a pull out with a hip injury.
So I'm like okay well how bad is his hip injury and when is that going to heal
up?
You know,
and is it going to heal up or is it going to like be a reoccurring thing?
And them saying that Dustin is going to step in and he's going to fight Conor,
that is a good fight.
But does that make Nate Diaz go what and does that make neat Nate Diaz come back
to the,
the,
to the bargaining table and then they have like,
cause that's the big money fight.
Big money.
If I was a promoter,
I'm not a promoter.
I'd be like,
Nate,
what are we going to do?
You got to get weed.
We've got a good girls.
Do you want a new bike?
But the fuck like I did.
What are we gonna do this?
We didn't have a girl delivered.
We got a new life.
Like for real,
like if you wanted to make money and that's what I presumed they all want to do.
And the reason why they want to have Brock Lesnar fight DC,
it's because they want to make a shit ton of money.
Right?
Yeah.
Nay Mother fucking Diaz.
You want to make money?
You call Nate mother fucking ds.
Go Party with them.
Become as good friend.
Lighten them up.
Give him what he wants.
Give him a lot of money.
That's a good fight.
I mean we saw it twice.
You know?
It's not just a good fight.
It's a gigantic like fan friendly spectical of an experience.
Nate Diaz doesn't take any bullshit.
You can't trash talk him.
It doesn't work.
Yeah,
exactly.
I'm working works the opposite way.
It works the opposite way.
Like when Connor Shit talk Nate.
Nate was like,
fuck you.
And it was like,
what?
Like it didn't work.
I ain't gonna lie,
man.
I,
one of my favorite Nate fights was him and him and cowboy.
Oh,
that was a great fight,
right?
He got in cowboys head.
He did.
There was a good lesson for cowboy though.
An important fight for him in terms of the path of his career.
He grew something from that.
Yeah,
but that,
that third round,
Nate standing,
if flipping into bird,
how good the cowboy look against Mike Perry.
Holy Shit.
It's a new cowboy.
He looked different,
man.
Look different.
Just everything looks smooth and just like a God damn execution.
I heard rumors of that too.
I had a room like a cowboy and Connor,
that's a fight that I would make.
I would make that fight.
That's,
that's,
that's how fucking exciting fight.
And that's also a big sell.
You could sell the shit out of that fight.
That's a big fight.
Ooh.
But Connor,
or excuse me,
cowboys not been fighting at 55.
You know,
he's been doing majority of his fights.
Um,
that's another hundred 65 pounds.
Yeah.
How many fights did he fought til he's fought Mazda?
All those are all seventies.
You know,
they all 70 fights.
Yeah.
Perry.
There are of those three,
it was in another one.
Oh yeah,
yeah,
the on Edwards.
Yeah.
So that's um,
those are all seventies.
Yeah.
I don't think he's fought 55 in quite a while.
I think he could still make it though.
It's not a big 70.
You know,
he's talking about going back to 55 getting say something to you and you know,
and if they do have a 65 pound weight class and he can,
if he sits for it,
she,
it,
I,
I'm just,
I'm,
there's a lot of great fights and 65 cowboy and Kevin,
the dude,
anybody in Kevin Lee,
Kevin leads a beast,
man.
He's something special.
Yeah.
I think Kevin Lee is one of those dudes.
You don't see him fight for six months and then he gets in there and you got a
whole different animal in front of you.
You've got to go out with new skills,
new momentum,
new experience.
He's just,
he gets,
he's just in that,
I think it's 25 right now.
He's in that peak prime learning,
growing confidence part of his career.
You know,
where he's just,
he's just a monster right now.